Featured by QuickRank
=========

QuickRank was used in the following papers:
 - Claudio Lucchese Andrea Gigli, Franco Maria Nardini, and Raffaele Perego. **Fast feature selection for learning to rank**. In ICTIR ’16: International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval, 2016.
 - Claudio Lucchese, Franco Maria Nardini, Salvatore Orlando, and Gabriele Tolomei. **Learning to rank user queries to detect search tasks**. In ICTIR ’16: International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval, 2016.
 - Claudio Lucchese, Franco Maria Nardini, Salvatore Orlando, Raffaele Perego, Nicola Tonellotto, and Rossano Venturini. **Exploiting cpu simd extensions to speed-up document scoring with tree ensembles**. In SIGIR ’16: Proceedings of the 39th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, 2016.
 - C. Lucchese, F. M. Nardini, S. Orlando, R. Perego, F. Silvestri, S. Trani **Post-Learning Optimization of Tree Ensembles for Efficient Ranking**. Short Paper. SIGIR 2016: Proceedings of the 39th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Pisa, Italy, July 2016. [LINK](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2914763)
 - C. Lucchese, F. M. Nardini, S. Orlando, R. Perego, N. Tonellotto, R. Venturini. **QuickScorer: a Fast Algorithm to Rank Documents with Additive Ensembles of Regression Trees**. Full Paper. SIGIR 2015: Proceedings of the 37th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Santiago, Chile, August 2015. **BEST PAPER AWARD**.  [LINK](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2767733)
 - Gabriele Capannini, Domenico Dato, Claudio Lucchese, Monica Mori, Franco Maria Nardini, Salvatore Orlando, Raffaele Perego, Nicola Tonellotto. **QuickRank: a C++ Suite of Learning to Rank Algorithms**.  Proceedings of the 6th Italian Information Retrieval Workshop (IIR 2015). Cagliari (Italy). [LINK](http://ceur-ws.org/Vol-1404/)
 - C. Lucchese, F. M. Nardini, S. Orlando, R. Perego and S. Trani. *X-DART: Blending Dropout and Pruning for Efficient Learning to Rank*. Proceedings of the 40th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Tokyo, Japan, August 2017. [LINK](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3080725)
 - C. Lucchese, F. M. Nardini, S. Orlando, R. Perego, F. Silvestri, S. Trani. *X-CLEaVER: Learning Ranking Ensembles by Growing and Pruning Trees*. Paper under revision.